Frontegg (#2981)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/migrate-users/provider-specific/_make-webservice-public.mdx

import {Code} from 'astro/components';
import Aside from '/src/components/Aside.astro';
import InlineField from 'src/components/InlineField.astro';

> If your FusionAuth instance is hosted on a remote web server and you want to host the web service somewhere else, you have a few options for setting up a publicly available API endpoint for the Connector to call the web service from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your FusionAuth instance is hosted on a remote web server and you want to host the web service in a different location, you have several options for creating a publicly accessible API endpoint that allows the Connector to communicate with the web service.
```
